# **Duxbury Ipython/Jupyter Front-End**

The visualization repository contains all the front-end code and files related to the Duxbury Bay visuals, such as styles, pages, data files, etc.
Some of the technologies used are:

 - [Jupyter Ipython](http://jupyter.org/)
 - [D3js](http://d3js.org/)
 - [JQuery](https://jquery.com/)
 - [Boostrap](http://getbootstrap.com/)


----------


## **Folder Structure**

**ipython** 
This is the ipython notebook server root folder, below are more details about child folders:

 - **css**: Pages style sheets  
 - **dataset**: pages data files 
 - **fonts**: pages fonts (Intel Clear font)
 - **images**: Images assets (Intel Logo/others)
 - **js**: JavaScript libraries (D3js, Jquery) and other utility scripts
 - **master**: Data analysis notebooks
 - **op**: DevOps notebooks
 - **user**: User related notebooks and data, it also keeps data generated for an specific date, which is being used to display the charts in the main pages
 - **vast**: Vast/training data related pages and scripts.

**ipython->vast**
It contains the pages, scripts, notebooks and data files related to the vast/training data. It is basically a copy of the main root folder but with slightly code differences to fit the needs of the training data.

----------

##**Views**

###Analyst View (index_sconnects.html)
The Analyst view provides a dashboard showing the top 250 suspicious connects. 

###**Ingest Summary (index_ingest.html)**
Interactive histogram dashboard that shows the amount of data captured in a certain period of time.

###**Story Board (storyboard_sconnect.html)**
Executive Briefing dashboard

##**Op/ (notebooks)**

###AddNetworkContext.ipynb
This notebook contains a series of scripts that add the internal/external network context, Geo IP location information, GTI and Norse reputation to the suspicious connections results. 

###IngestSummary.ipynb and IngestSummaryHive.ipynb
These notebooks contain the necessary scripts to create the Ingest summary data file needed to display the histogram:
**IngestSummary.ipynb** uses HDFS commands to read the summary line from the CSV files and from there create the data.
**IngestSummaryHive.ipynb** makes a hive query to the netflow_sum table to get the ingest summary data based on a date range.

###SuspiciousConnect_ops.ipynb

Responsible for creating the log extracts files for suspicious connections and files for chord diagrams

###LDARAnking.ipynb

Reads the data frames generated by the machine learning algorithm and gets the top 3000 LDA scores results from there.
